everybody welcome Megan online randoms
gets a bad character but then gets like
the most unprecedented ever in the
binding of issac afterbirth clusters
that the K so we're going to do it again
are we
okay Lilith is actually not that bad
which means we're destined to lose NF e
to hbw B you might be saying I don't
understand these rules you're not wrong
the rules are arbitrary they're made up
we win with bad characters we lose with
good ones
that's the rule actually the only real
rule the only real rule is that you lose
with Lilith surprisingly like cellar
doors sentence to say the only real rule
is that you lose with Lilith
the only real rule is that you lose with
Lilly
it's like English language proficiency
exam rate they're all what makes you
small even I can't say it so I'm gonna
have to go back to you know learning how
to talk school you know what that was a
great use of a black heart as far as I'm
concerned you might be concerned about
the fact that I took damage there but I
honestly that was productive so
productive I'll take you to the candy
shop I'll let you lick the lollipop with
this I don't know how many different
tangents have gone on a minute and 15
seconds in here but I'm floundering
looking for something a little bit more
meaty 50 senses I'll take you to the
candy shop I'll let you lick the
lollipop it's very inconsiderate I
hadn't thought of it until this moment
that's pretty bad what about the next
person who cuz it comes into the candy
shop what if she goes to the candy shop
she licks the lollipop and then she goes
yeah I don't really like it and the next
person gonna be getting the thirty
lollipop unless he's talking about
something else you think he's talking
about something else when he's talking
I'll take you to the candy shop I'll let
you little lick the lollipop come here
girl don't you stop keep going til you
hit the spot low
come a long way from the Beatles I want
to hold your hand haven't we showed up
grandpa
right anyway we got some Harding baby I
think this isn't a you know pretty
terrible item but we also have Incubus
which is a pretty great item so this is
six of one half a dozen of the other
let's get these pinkie buddies lined up
here and just fire some twenty twenty
shots into the ether okay well if you're
going to force me to move like a switch
foot song then I will indeed get out of
the way and I won't be saying no thank
you to the opportunity however I would
love to see DPS up health can come in
time right now we need that DPS all
right we got health specifically novel
we asked for but life goes on candy shop
is one of those songs I think of because
we're into these like I am not old
despite the fact that I pretend to be
sometimes for comedic effect however my
generation has gotten to the point where
nostalgia is a relevant thing so you
know people who are 15 in this day and
age they'll occasionally I'm not saying
everybody but they'll leave comments on
YouTube videos for like simple plans you
know how could this happen to me or I'm
just a kid and life is a nightmare and
they'll be like man I was born in the
wrong generation it's already started to
happen
back when music was music yeah but we
did also have candy shop but I'm not
saying that candy shop is like a bad
song at all you know get rich or die
trying' classic album I know that candy
shop is on bulletproof but you get the
idea
people will be like music that's back
when singers really wrote their own
music and it was wholesome and it wasn't
just about dirty stuff what about genie
in a bottle you got to rub me the right
way honey I'll take you to the candy
shop I'll let you lick the lollipop hit
me baby one more time
oops I did it again baby that's
specifically the Austin Powers version
musics always been looted man if you go
back to like Beethoven's fifth symphony
you know Dan Diana Santana sent them if
that had lyrics it would be like I'll
take you to the
freaking candy shop and if you'd like
you lick the lollipop you may lick the
lollipop and buy the lollipop I mean my
fella
you guys ever watch The Late Show with
Jimmy Fallon he's killing it lately it's
really affable good natured family fun
except for the fact that Jimmy phallus
is a penis a walking talking and throb
amorphic affable funny late-night male
member of the male persuasion as Dan
would say we are floundering
conversationally here or having great
commentary depending on your perspective
I'm in a zany mood because we just you
know I finished the NL SS like half an
hour ago and I haven't had a chance to
decompress from the NL s or decompress
from NL SS as you would say if you were
sending out an SKS for example with one
of the Inc you buddies betrays you it
hurts man don't don't move don't loose
there you go farting baby can you do
anything we're going to get a deal with
the devil here I'm very eager to get
something that transforms this run
because it's fine but also like a little
not great especially long-term right now
range in luck is not really going to
change that much kind of a weird one huh
you got to take void and I got to take
boy I mean you definitely like do not
have to take void but I'm going to take
void cuz now once every six rooms we can
get a box of friends
as worse than once every four rooms but
the potential to turn not-so-great items
into greater items is pretty high okay
that thing tracked me the whole way
please give me a key I need a key that's
probably a library we use void to suck
up all of the books doesn't mean we win
but it probably gives us a leg up on the
competition
he's done it this is great
so year's book of sin use Necronomicon
we don't even use neck now let's not be
ridiculous useless we got the bookworm
transformation pretty important we use
void we suck it all up we got another
spirit art we got another penny okay and
then there's more battery charges back
here we've done it it's not quite as
lucky as our triple guppy room last week
fudged around and got a triple Gubbi
Gubbi freakin streaks every way like
cobalt strike thank goddess say today's
a good day we're going to take out these
pot just to get the gup-b precedent head
down to the next floor we're not going
to use our voice are immediately we're
going to use it on the first room with
combat that we come across like this
room for example no not that room unless
we got a key we didn't get a key right
there dude Necronomicon is actually a
pretty good void helper keeping in mind
that you know Necronomicon is once every
six rooms and so is void normally it
wouldn't be that good because we'd be
using void to suck up items as opposed
to dealing damage but what we have here
is actually like a great opportunity to
use void offensively which doesn't
happen all that often I tend to use it
prominently as a utility item so you
know we see unites and we don't really
like and we cycle it we go I don't
really want that range upgrade let's
turn it into oh cool plus one shots been
amazing
instead we sort of because I run sort of
sucks right now on a statistical level
we kind of have to use it as an
offensive item which has actually been
working out pretty darn good so far so
we're looking for another bomb I think
we do want to use our dwell we
I not need to use a key that was close
to get into our item room we could use a
bomb instead we should try to peep it
though I mean we don't have a bomb
either is the thing so we have one bomb
we need to let's go
this feels like the secret room though
doesn't it it could be that other
location but just something about this
Thank You farting baby okay not a second
time I see something about the the left
of us here feels like the right call
another cue okay I think now we just go
to the item room five bombs is worth it
as far as I'm concerned sure a damage
upgrade would have been better and at
some point we got to commit to that
damage upgrade but or come into the
statistical change but not yet the stars
okay well all you know what there's a
play here
I do wish we had a charge but that's
fine and we can spend two bombs to get
four bombs that's a good deal we're
going to come back open these
we don't even want to suck that up so
that's fine and we got our we got our
money's worth we didn't get our keys
worth for going through there but
suppose life goes on now we're probably
not going to get a battery charge unless
we have a shot before our boss fight
which I'm sort of skeptical of we'll see
11 cents for a 11 Swain on 11 cents we
have 11 bombs that we have a bomb that
we can use to get a tarot card I think
it's worth it pretty much regardless of
what the tarot card is yeah okay now the
question becomes what's worth more a
hang demand card or the card that we
would expect to get from the hangman
card it's kind of a confusing situation
isn't it this is a great opportunity to
take nine volt it also gives us a charge
immediately so you might want to hold
off ever-so-slightly
we look for tchen it's basically the
exact same thing as in in terms of
utility it's basically the exact same
thing so I'd like to see more combat is
net this is actually sort of unfortunate
because now the right call is to buy
this but we shouldn't use the charge yet
we should fight the boss first even if
we have to use bombs against the boss I
think this is the right call what we we
we know we want Cuba me but we could get
a deal with the devil we want to suck up
so that might be more valuable here so
we certainly want key with me and we
didn't get a deal with the devil so we
definitely did not have to wait on that
but that's okay we know what our
strategy r it's a pretty obvious
approach for us to take any time the
charge is available use it but use it on
a room that has combat already dude when
you do a big room with nine volt you get
three charges instead of two that
doesn't seem correct am i missin
tributing that to something else
because that doesn't seem like the way
that should behave but I'm not
complaining oh you know no way I had to
confuse a triple-a battery it is right
because 9-volt starts you with one extra
charge triple-a battery charges you with
one less required come on
good lord he's done it you have a
special room back there this is the
perfect time to get a charge here dude
you can hit me basically as much as you
want I already hate the fact that it's
run as 3.5 damage with a 12 rate of fire
this late in the game you guess you want
to suck up both of those that hurt me
oh the mushroom blew up okay so it is
wait what which means that there is a
unlimited bomb soar once every six rooms
you can get a bomb I don't think there's
anything else you really could have done
there unless we had a reroll I can we
don't want to take wait what it might
and it's kind of a big if but it might
at the present moment be better than the
void but it shouldn't be better than the
void for long but I would have loved if
either and or both of those items were
passive because unfortunately instead of
getting any statistical increase almost
any of which would be worthwhile right
now including speed tears and damage
obviously range maybe not so much but
instead we got two active effects that
are going to provide almost no impact
once every six rooms so bummer so now
I'm in full-on make the audience angry
mode because I'm like why would I use
anything but Cuba meet here got to
protect my sanity
plus we're generating spirit odds pretty
regularly once every five rooms
technically don't think we want to get
that battery charged if we do want to
get it we don't want to get it yet so
this is maybe perfect we should get a
charge just after the boss fight which
means we can't be tempted into using it
before the boss fight we definitely want
to avoid trinket smelter dude champion
Gerty is like not saying we're not going
to get hit but basically the ideal boss
fight for us to have if we're going to
be using a cube of me to deal all our
damage so I mean are you watching what's
happening here it's working out very
well
easy money okay not a deal to devil I
think we probably just want that I would
I would take basically anything here ok
being concepcion just gave us a second
Incubus that really lightens the load
for us when it comes to you know let's
suck it up we got the speed upgrade
anyway we just got a shot speed upgrade
along with it so long floor dude like
literally it's a call floor but I was
looking for tears or damage obviously we
got neither that is a charge which is
very good but I want to suck up the
trinket smelter so could you I'd like to
find the opportunity to get the trinket
smelter if possible maybe we should be
using camo on these more rigorously
that's not gonna give us money the
donation machine will give us haki not
have we had it under control there but
the donation machine will give us money
I don't really want to have to use it
but we can use it we've already been
rude to our donation machine but this
seems like the kind of run that needs it
to be honest with you
right now particularly sure we got
bookworm and then on top of bookworm we
also have we also have a second Incubus
I don't really care about smelting the
toilet paper honestly it sounds like a
you know Swedish sex position I'm not
insulting you of your Swedish I'm but
grudgingly admiring of your innovation
yeah it's not American as it is move
down the next floor so we are just going
to pop this like as regularly as
possible where we getting our chair Iike
it must be from book of sin tears down a
moon card get out of here you why were
you so confused at the start of that
room why am I still using three point
five damage dude it's cruel and unusual
punishment I see you're cruel and
unusual punishment China in through it
doesn't really work at all like that one
like super at all yeah let's peep it I'm
willing to go for it I don't want
that's not my creep I don't want to use
our moon card because there is a chance
we can use it to get out of boss rush
although admittedly Lilith is pretty
good at boss rush but not as much with
the void instead of box of friend
specifically because of the extra charge
so on most rooms the void is going to be
preferable most floors I guess however
on some not so much
boss rush is a kind of a special case if
we want any chance of making it the boss
rush we need to I don't even want to say
go faster because I'm going as fast as I
feel is plausible but I am genuinely
trying okay we need a charge here
because that's obviously great oh why
are you gonna make me backtrack
hurts me deep in my soul we had the
right kind of metric there we can get
see a golden who might be worth a bomb
in a key really thought Cuba me was
going to get the job done we need BFF or
something if we're going to roll this or
little brim which could show up via
cambian Concepcion would help us avoid
this problem as well and it's a tough
situation because you might just want to
avoid that or use a reroll to try to get
something amazing I guess as a
preferable option okay 17 minutes 20
seconds it might be time to say goodbye
to boss rush worth okay careful it's not
even that great but it is good enough
zero point five damage and a slightly
better rate of fire should always this
crack it do this blow it up don't really
care about getting the effect of the
Bible but that's okay do this suck it
all up
what is this bad trip okay it doesn't
even hurt that bad so we can use this to
get the ability to fly and then probably
get a battery charge or have a chance to
get a battery charge out of that sack
it's not my ideal play here I think
instead I think we saved this for the
chance to meal whatever the boss item is
into something better or get something
from the shop but don't really want to
blow up our donation machine anymore
it's not like it's super low but we're
taking a lot out at once
yeah unnecessary still we're basically
unkillable from an HP standpoint so I'm
going to throw myself like headlong into
taking damage against these enemies
because it really sincerely is almost
impossible to kill us but also I need to
go faster not for any practical reason
other than if I don't I'm going to start
losing my mind with four damage here I
mean that's pretty good
I like kind of like that to be honest
with you and then I'm going to suck up
the Kiba meat and it became damaging
tears I'm the happiest man in the world
as far as I'm concerned why not take
brimstone I don't want to be first up
that room is already good enough I don't
need to insult the audience by taking an
item so overpowered it's going to make
it a no-brainer I think I play better
when I have to stay a little dialed in
anyway so but then beyond this I didn't
want to manage the brimstone beam a
pretty minor thing but and then why did
I suck up cubed meat that one's actually
completely sensible in my opinion second
level Quba meat is not that valuable as
compared to another chance at of
statistical gain as far as I'm concerned
we got a pretty good statistical game
there
we are not going to make boss rush I've
come to terms with this finally it's
taken me a while because when I say
we're not going to make boss rush in the
back of my head I'm like yeah but maybe
we will and even now I'm like but maybe
we will even now I'm like but maybe we
will it had to be done jar of tears
Seraphim
I mean gimpy is great but we don't need
I'd rather have Seraphim for the extra
damage and to have a good double oh you
know what we didn't we're stupid idiots
and we didn't take the moon card in the
year which was the whole reason we even
held the moon card for longer than a
millisecond so now I got to fight these
guys the good news is probably going to
get another item and the other good news
is it's going to start to pop off pretty
fast because you know once we stack up
four or five farting babies like the
dream is real
for now though might be a little tedious
as we get started here and that's okay
you know what we should be using our
cubes of meat PSA's to do some extra
damage in here because every three waves
we're going to be getting at least two
hearts back anyway now we also have a
third level boy of meats and Garcon blue
jean ball as I've always said if we
could get triple-a battery we could do
it in two waves because we've already
got nine volt but you know let's not get
our hopes up too much you know what we
should actually be taking as much damage
as possible you're going to think I'm an
idiot but here's why I'm actually the
world's smartest man we want to take
damage because we're going to generate
enough HP to compensate for it and it's
free can being conception fuel he's done
it
Perales is not my favorite item but
we've actually ascended I'm making the
smartest decision I've ever made do I
see are those all Incubus no there's a
demon judgment or a demon baby in here
now so we came being conception to
ourselves a demon baby what are you
going to do we might as well take even
more damage right now like just get it
charged up as fast as possible I'm
trying to get to that little brim action
it's turned out surprisingly well
actually I don't know I think it takes
like 20 hits to get a can being
conception payout so don't get your
hopes up too much but I mean even just
getting a demon baby that keeps getting
incremented it's pretty solid sharp
pencil that's pretty great as well
so we've the moon we could leave and
like maybe go to our shop but honestly
what does that matter at this point we
also have almost no reason to use the
void because we're outside of like
sucking up an item or milling for the
stat increase because we're already
pretty darn strong here it's nice to
have the Necronomicon I suppose and
again I mean if we wanted to to some
extent there's no reason not to like do
that you know like why not take if we're
about to get a charge or we already have
a charge and we're at full HP it's the
right decision to get hit so that we can
generate extra kami consumption place I
don't think I've ever used cam bean
conception like this I've used it with
like IV bag but having the kind of HP
where you can just throw it away for no
reason that feels nice this would be a
great small rock
okay mom you know that yours can't be
choosers that's what they say so you
might as well hit me because you know
Kim being Concepcion don't really care
about a single golden chest although you
know there is a guppy chance you might
as well hit me as long as I'm getting
something out of being hit I am okay
with it
always find a new you know archetypes
for Isaac runs that basically make it
impossible for you to die I mean this
one is not really can being conception
making it impossible for us to die it's
void plus Book of Revelations and
Satanic Bible but still oh that was a
full charge I know there's a battery
charge back there anyway but you know
it's kind of the the other thing about
having infinite HP is that what do we
care about getting more than infinite HP
it doesn't go any higher
you know our wallet can only hold 12
hearts here it's not that way though
it's like almost definitely not that way
I didn't even like lampshade it that
much but that was like the greatest boss
rush entrance I've ever had as well it
really seemed impossible but a
combination of convenient architecture
and like really going for it got the job
done it's a to charge room to charge
room to charge room to charge room so
again I'd probably voy to Cuba meet
honestly which we will get the
opportunity to do right here first deal
with the devil no it's another damage
and shot speed increase let me get this
as well through that sneeze snuck up on
me more than any sneeze in recent memory
before I even knew it was upon me it was
already tickling the nostril there or
before I'd even tickled the nostril it
was already exiting the nostril silent
running
well you know you might as well shoot me
similarly you might as well hit me it's
weird what do you get for the man who
has everything right
we still have been generated a new kami
conception pan I wonder if it's
staggered like is it the case that you
know every subsequent cambian conception
takes longer that would be completely
fair given that we're scamming the
system right now I would just be
surprised because I'm unaware but I
guess I shouldn't be surprised by my own
ignorance in this game at this point you
might as well hit me again please please
do oh you got me you're such a good dude
this game wow you're amazing
now I miscalculated actually because we
do want to save void for the deal with
the devil chance here but if we get hit
a little extra who cares
maybe some commenters and that's fair
because we shouldn't be throwing HP away
for no reason but now weirdly enough
despite having infinite HP it's not
really infinite HP at our desire you
know we require rooms to give us we just
want it obviously we were pardon me
require rooms to give us the infinite HP
which is why I'm not going to go to the
Hashi I are damages even with the you
know horror Babylon here is not even
that amazing
get out of here and I think I'll check
this as well you know what we should
have just used our void play for that
but I'm just going to do that right
there looking for the battery charge
there we go like we're not that
overpowered is what I'm saying we really
require small rooms to get the job done
okie dokie I mean we want to take damage
more or less we might as well walk over
the spikes remember I think we forget
sometimes you know we get to up our
butts about min maxing and Isaac some
min max seems important but I think we
forget that it's not always just about
like beating the game in the best way
possible
sometimes it's about having fun while
you do it like I enjoy the concept of
finishing a run with high morale maybe
we could have maximized the amount of
spirit hearts lost
minimized rather the amount of spirit
hearts lost and you know there's there's
some academic miss and that that I
appreciate but at the same time I like
using Kela me to destroy all these
enemies I don't think too many people
are disagreeing with me there but
although it does feel sloppy it's also
you know you're asking Bill Gates why he
left a $20 tip on a $20 meal you know
that's 100 percent tip Bill Gates you're
making the rest of us look bad and
reinforcing a culture in North America
that is a little bit controversial with
people from outside of North America and
then Bill Gates says you know in the
time that would have taken me to punch
in a different number I made 20 times
that so it's irrelevant you know we've
got such large amounts of HP
we're basically the Bill Gates of Isaac
right now I was another charge wasted
but again sort of like kind of what I'm
getting at who cares feels like I'm
walking on sunshine but we shouldn't do
that we shouldn't use the charge first
because that puts us in an imbalance
verb dude I totally forgot we had
trinkets melter like a second run in a
row where we've had well second run with
trinkets melter in a row where we gotta
know daniel smelled things going on it's
a darn shame this run hit critical mass
though great name for a hipster bar that
has arcade machines give it a shot
I'm not going to sue you or anything if
you make it I am see you in court
see you in bud courts court my favorite
television courtroom okay so we got to
think about this we have voice I want
this you never want to D six with void
I've been yelled at for it many times I
don't even understand what's wrong with
it but I understand that it's wrong it's
kind of like you know I know you
shouldn't consume like castor beans
they're poisonous I don't know what they
do to your body but I know we shouldn't
be consuming them but that means that
I'm gonna void it because I think at
this point unless it breaks the game we
should be fine I was looking for another
room that I could deposit the d6 in but
I think this is this is better
there's a chest back here I mean you can
suck up Book of Shadows but what do you
get for the man who has everything right
we've already got unlimited HP do we
need to be invincible as well kind of
starting to approach madness you know
Albert Einstein famously said madness is
doing this ain't one sanity is doing the
same thing and expecting different
results this kind of flies in the face
of the scientific method one important
element of which is repeatability but in
any case you know it's all politics when
you try to get published so he was
probably just trying to come up with a
phrase that got the journal review
editors on his side but either way I
think madness is when you got infinite
resources and you're still worried about
penny pinching you know it's always nice
your story's about like Warren Buffett
he's a billionaire you won't pay more
than like six dollars for a sandwich but
I bet you know it makes us feel like
we're close to them you know because
we're like that everybody wants to think
like that's what I'd be like if I was in
its position and maybe that's the case
but I bet there's been times where
Warren Buffett like went out for lunch
went out for lunch went out for lunch
with like the super-rich I made up that
story about not paying more than $6 for
a sandwich by the way but you know let's
go to this place so hundred dollars a
plate and Warren Buffett's like not
going to do it you know the time that
you argued the dinner is paid for itself
a hundred times over war and fictional
Warren Buffett why are you being such a
jerk because we're trying to get
together to discuss important business
matters you're adhering to this foolish
principle it's ignorant of the economics
of the situation we should have black
room bad but I have a faith that we'll
get some more items anyway
nine lives we should take there's a very
very very small chance we can become
guffy still never tell me the odds you
know what I disagree always tell me the
odds
okay we shouldn't take three is in quick
succession there we don't have permanent
Polaroid invincibility anymore we don't
even know what our HP looks like anymore
we could actually be in a tighter spot
that we expect if we are and we die we
really really deserve to if we're being
honest
I black ruin to SMB superfan and I'm
going to tell you the reason why but you
have to promise to not be mad at me
because it's a bad reason I thought in
my head maybe I can black ruin SMB
superfans and it will become a guppy
item you might be saying how would that
happen
see that's the exact same question I
asked myself mere moments after doing
that because it can't but if it could
have it would have been sweet but we're
going to win here I'm going to win in
pretty good time considering how badly
this oh I didn't even see the portal
until we had already gone into the chest
we could have done in delirium there but
we didn't so don't give me the credit
for it for now thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed the episode if you did click
the like button else had a great deal of
course subscribe below and see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time